---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# A Super Cool Feature -- Tabs

---

To show tabbed content within Markdown files, you can fall back on MDX. Docusaurus provides `<Tabs>` components out-of-the-box.

And you will get the following:

##### info

By default, tabs are rendered eagerly, but it is possible to load them lazily by passing the `lazy` prop to the `Tabs` component.

## Syncing tab choices[#](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/code-blocks#syncing-tab-choices "Direct link to heading")

You may want choices of the same kind of tabs to sync with each other. For example, you might want to provide different instructions for users on Windows vs users on macOS, and you want to changing all OS-specific instructions tabs in one click. To achieve that, you can give all related tabs the same `groupId` prop. Note that doing this will persist the choice in `localStorage` and all `<Tab>` instances with the same `groupId` will update automatically when the value of one of them is changed. Note that `groupID` are globally-namespaced.

For all tab groups that have the same `groupId`, the possible values do not need to be the same. If one tab group with chooses an value that does not exist in another tab group with the same `groupId`, the tab group with the missing value won't change its tab. You can see that from the following example. Try to select Linux, and the above tab groups doesn't change.

---

Tab choices with different `groupId`s will not interfere with each other:

## Customizing tabs[#](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/code-blocks#customizing-tabs "Direct link to heading")

You might want to customize the appearance of certain set of tabs. To do that you can pass the string in `className` prop and the specified CSS class will be added to the `Tabs` component:
