---
sidebar_position: 3
parse_number_prefixes: true
id: frontmatter
title: Docs Front Matter
---

Markdown documents can use the following markdown frontmatter metadata fields, enclosed by a line --- on either side:

- `id`: A unique document id. If this field is not present, the document's id will default to its file name (without the extension)
- `title`: The title of your document. If this field is not present, the document's title will default to its id
- `hide_title`: Whether to hide the title at the top of the doc. By default, it is false
- `hide_table_of_contents`: Whether to hide the table of contents to the right. By default it is false
- `sidebar_label`: The text shown in the document sidebar and in the next/previous button for this document. If this field is not present, the document's `sidebar_label` will default to its title
- `sidebar_position`: Permits to control the position of a doc inside the generated sidebar slice, when using autogenerated sidebar items. Can be Int or Float.
- `parse_number_prefixes`: When a document has a number prefix (001 - My Doc.md, 2. MyDoc.md...), it is automatically parsed and extracted by the plugin numberPrefixParser, and the number prefix is used as sidebar_position. Use `parse_number_prefixes`: false to disable number prefix parsing on this doc
- `custom_edit_url`: The URL for editing this document. If this field is not present, the document's edit URL will fall back to editUrl from options fields passed to docusaurus-plugin-content-docs
- `keywords`: Keywords meta tag for the document page, for search engines
- `description`: The description of your document, which will become the `<meta name="description" content="..."/> and <meta property="og:description" content="..."/>` in `<head>`, used by search engines. If this field is not present, it will default to the first line of the contents
- `image`: Cover or thumbnail image that will be used when displaying the link to your post
- `slug`: Allows to customize the document url (`/<routeBasePath>/<slug>`). Support multiple patterns: slug: my-doc, slug: /my/path/myDoc, slug: /

Example:

```
---
id: doc-markdown
title: Markdown Features
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_label: Markdown :)
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/edit/master/docs/api-doc-markdown.md
description: How do I find you when I cannot solve this problem
keywords:
  - docs
  - docusaurus
image: https://i.imgur.com/mErPwqL.png
slug: /myDoc
---
My Document Markdown content
```
